upgrade(datadog-agent): Enable Remote Configuration by default (#1157)
DataDog/helm-charts: charts/datadog/README.md

| providers.gke.autopilot | bool | `false` | Enables Datadog Agent deployment on GKE Autopilot |
| providers.gke.cos | bool | `false` | Enables Datadog Agent deployment on GKE with Container-Optimized OS (COS) |
| registry | string | `"gcr.io/datadoghq"` | Registry to use for all Agent images (default gcr.io) |

> | remoteConfiguration.enabled | bool | `true` | Set to true to enable remote configuration on the Cluster Agent (if set) and the node agent. Can be overriden by `datadog.remoteConfiguration.enabled` and `clusterAgent.admissionController.remoteInstrumentation.enabled`. Preferred way to enable Remote Configuration. |

Reviewer: Thanks for the explanation in the other comment! Could we make a small tweak here?

```suggestion
| remoteConfiguration.enabled | bool | `true` | Set to true to enable remote configuration on the Cluster Agent (if set) and the node agent. Can be overriden if `datadog.remoteConfiguration.enabled` or `clusterAgent.admissionController.remoteInstrumentation.enabled` is set to `false`. Preferred way to enable Remote Configuration. |
```

> | remoteConfiguration.enabled | bool | `true` | Set to true to enable remote configuration on the Cluster Agent (if set) and the node agent. Can be overriden if `datadog.remoteConfiguration.enabled` or `clusterAgent.admissionController.remoteInstrumentation.enabled` is set to `false`. Preferred way to enable Remote Configuration. Preferred way to enable Remote Configuration. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| remoteConfiguration.enabled | bool | `true` | Set to true to enable remote configuration on the Cluster Agent (if set) and the node agent. Can be overriden if `datadog.remoteConfiguration.enabled` or `clusterAgent.admissionController.remoteInstrumentation.enabled` is set to `false`. Preferred way to enable Remote Configuration. |
```
